doc: modified documentation (#790)
ionos-cloud/terraform-provider-ionoscloud: docs/resources/volume.md

# ionoscloud_volume

> Manages a [Volume](https://docs.ionos.com/cloud/containers/managed-kubernetes/how-tos/mount-an-nfs-volume) on IonosCloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manages a [Volume](https://docs.ionos.com/cloud/storage-and-backup/block-storage) on IonosCloud.
```
